ReadMe.md, before:

﻿# Oiski's EUC Coffee Shop

## About The Project
The project is a beginner level assignment where we have to build a _storage-system_ for a Coffee Shop named **EUC Coffee Shop**.
The point of the assignment is to demonstrate our competence regarding the use and design of WPF applications.

### Terms of Development
The application must include, but is not limited to, the following elements:
- **Classes**
  - Coffee
  - SuperiorCoffee
- **Enums**
  - Country
- **Interfaces**
  - ICoffeeRepository

As such the following Diagram was written by me as the structure design for the project\
![CoffeeShopStorageDiagram]()

The interface must be written in XAML and be build as a _Windows Presentation Foundation_ application with code behind written in C#.
I've therefore designed the program to implement two projects.
 1. **A Graphical User Interface (_GUI_)** - WPF Application
 2. **A C# Class Library** - Defines the functionality for the application
    
## The program
**Goal**
> Missing description...

**Input**
> Missing description...

**Output**
> Missing description...

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/Mike-Mortensen-Portfolio/Oiski.School.EUCCoffeeShop_H2_2021/wiki) for more in depth information about the project.

## Versioning
The Assignment specifies that versioning should be done according to the following template: [_Major_].[_Minor_].[_Path_].\
Each `Feature` must be branched out and developed on an isolated branch and merged back into the `Developer` branch when done.

The syntax for the structure of folders must be presented as: [DeveloperName]/[Version]/[BranchName], where as branches should be named as follows: [*Version*]-[*Feature*]_[*SubFeature*].\
**Example:**
>**Folder Structure:** _Oiski/v1_ \
>**Branch Name:** _1.0.0-Interface_MainMenu_ \
>**Full Path:** _Oiski/v1/1.0.0-Interface_MainMenu__

### Change Log

## [Oiski.School Namespace Collection](https://github.com/Mike-Mortensen-Portfolio) <-- Click Me
1. [Oiski.School.Library_h1_2020](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.Library_H1_2020)
2. [Oiski.School.Bank_H1_2020](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.Bank_H1_2020)
3. [Oiski.School.RainStatistic_H2_2021](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.RainStatistic_H2_2021)
4. [Oiski.School.FitnessLevel_H2_2021](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.FitnessLevel_H2_2021)

Commit message:

Formed the initial structural design for the application

ReadMe.md, after:

﻿# Oiski's EUC Coffee Shop

## About The Project
The project is a beginner level assignment where we have to build a _storage-system_ for a Coffee Shop named **EUC Coffee Shop**.
The point of the assignment is to demonstrate our competence regarding the use and design of WPF applications.

### Terms of Development
The application must include, but is not limited to, the following elements:
- **Classes**
  - Coffee
  - SuperiorCoffee
- **Enums**
  - Country
- **Interfaces**
  - ICoffeeRepository

As such the following Diagram was written by me, as the structural design for the project (_It is based on the assignments UML diagram_):\
![CoffeeShopStorageDiagram]()

The interface must be written in XAML and be build as a _Windows Presentation Foundation_ application with code behind written in C#.
I've therefore designed the program to implement two projects.
 1. **A Graphical User Interface (_GUI_)** - WPF Application
 2. **A C# Class Library** - Defines the functionality for the application
    
## The program
**Goal**
> Missing description...

**Input**
> Missing description...

**Output**
> Missing description...

See the [Wiki](https://github.com/Mike-Mortensen-Portfolio/Oiski.School.EUCCoffeeShop_H2_2021/wiki) for more in depth information about the project.

## Versioning
The Assignment specifies that versioning should be done according to the following template: [_Major_].[_Minor_].[_Path_].\
Each `Feature` must be branched out and developed on an isolated branch and merged back into the `Developer` branch when done.

The syntax for the structure of folders must be presented as: [DeveloperName]/[Version]/[BranchName], where as branches should be named as follows: [*Version*]-[*Feature*]_[*SubFeature*].\
**Example:**
>**Folder Structure:** _Oiski/v1_ \
>**Branch Name:** _1.0.0-Interface_MainMenu_ \
>**Full Path:** _Oiski/v1/1.0.0-Interface_MainMenu__

### Change Log

## [Oiski.School Namespace Collection](https://github.com/Mike-Mortensen-Portfolio) <-- Click Me
1. [Oiski.School.Library_h1_2020](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.Library_H1_2020)
2. [Oiski.School.Bank_H1_2020](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.Bank_H1_2020)
3. [Oiski.School.RainStatistic_H2_2021](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.RainStatistic_H2_2021)
4. [Oiski.School.FitnessLevel_H2_2021](https://github.com/ZhakalenDk/Oiski.School.FitnessLevel_H2_2021)
